No funny games found :( -> Installing some funny Viruses!
Remember Bug 1#: The calculation is correct, but why the hell is the output wrong? Maybe the Input is wrong... Maybe
What? I should work faster? Look at your PC even a snake is faster than your CPU
I know this Quest. Nothing can happen! Sorry we could not find their corps!
1+1=10 ... What you don't understand Binary Stuff -> I can't work with such stupid Users.
No good music found. No good videos found. There's nothing funny i can do here.
Even if you're eaten by a dragon, you still have two ways out.
I know what you did last summer...
Positioning GPS satellites... please stand by...
The volume goes to eleven!
The game will start when it is ready and not before!
You are the weakest link, goodbye!
/* You are not expected to understand this */
Computer load this, computer load that, never a thank you... Rude gamers!
Now that's what I call a dead parrot
Loading errors, please wait...
Your soundcard sucks, disabling sound forever...
Relax, it's only ones and zeros!
No, this is not a silly message.
I still know what you did last summer...
Please stand by for an important announcement.
Your computer is running... You better go chase it.
Drawing beards onto your photographs...
Did you know that by reading this message you have wasted 5 seconds of your life?
Press any key... No! Not that one!
PI is exactly 3! Because I want to find out how world looks like where PI is exactly 3!
Freedom for wolves, ban the shepherds!
Your computer is now an official part of my world domination plan. Thank you!
There's nothing to see here, go ahead...
I don't care what you did last summer!
Ohh... I am loading too slowly? Ok, next time you'll load it yourself!
Searching for available information on dragons - Connecting to Wikipedia...
Warning: Don't try this at home! Why do you ignore this warning?
Are we there yet? Are we there yet? Are we there yet? 
Oh this game sucks. It really game sucks! Did you know this game sucks!
Infiltrated your computer continuing to send your special videos to the CIA! Please Wait!
Press Any Key. I can't find the Any Key.
Why is it forbidden to use Emergency Exits in Germany? I mean they are called ""Not Exit""
Let's play tic-tac-toe instead, I'll be X...
Coffee missing. Insert cup and press any key.
Clicking the mouse will not make the game load faster!
Knowledge is a weapon... I intend to be formidably armed.
<singing> I can't get no... Bug infection...
Press Crtl + Alt + Del now for an IQ test. Sorry IQ is to low to press those Keys.
Press any key to continue or other key to quit...
You did not call in sick just to play this game, now did you?
Backup not found: (A)bort, (R)etry, (G)et a beer. 
Nuclear Power Plants are save as long as you don't try to use them to produce energy!
Your computer is your friend....Trust the Computer...
Counting to Infinity......Please wait...
This is not a drill. This is the Apocalypse. Please stay calm and exit the building.
Does a Table disappear always you leave a room. Because the modern physic says: it's possible!
Its not a bug but a feature.
Life? Don't talk to me about life!
Does a Table disappear always you leave a room. Because the modern physic says: it's possible!
Its not a bug but a feature.
Life? Don't talk to me about life!
Stop staring at this message or I will stop loading!
Loading 3D buffer... Not that one!
I've calculated your chance of survival, but I don't think you'll like it.
No more heroes available. Do you want to play as a monster? (Y/N)
Is their any sense in killing all those monsters? I mean the time you are back. They're back, too
Do you really want to start the game? Really? Are you really sure?
Gaming is about killing time, not killing people...
Ordering pizza online... I hope you like anchovies with pineapple!
Insert Disc 5... Oh, you don't have a Disc 5? Ok, filling harddisc with garbage...
Wasting energy, please wait...
Overclocking CPU: 3,0GHz...3,2GHz...3,6GHz... OOPS, I broke your CPU!
There is a light at the end of the tunnel, just pray it's not a train.
Please do not feed the dragons!
Not now! Can't you see I'm busy? Play something else.
Would you like to play a game of... world domination?
Insert coin to continue...
How can this task be delayed when i haven't even started working on it?
If the game does not start in five minutes... wait longer!
Randomizing constants...
Scroll down the list and choose your favourite silly message. I'm too lazy.
There's something written about a chance but I don't trust this game...
Checking mouse driver... Checking mouse's driving license...
Generating dead undead... Undead dead... uh...
Your skill in reading is increased by one point!
You'll get an adventure poqint32 for reading so much stupid messages. Use this poqint32 for improving your Stupidness!
Save the Earth... its the only planet with chocolate!
Why should we save the world? We didn't find out if we can survive without the world!
Operation failed (A)bort, (R)etry, (I)nfluence with large hammer?
The past temps us, the present confuses us, and the future frightens us.
Checking co2 emissions of your computer... Sorry, it's to high turning off your PC.
Are you still in the loading screen? You need a new computer!
Deleting all other games on the computer... You'll not need them in the next 5 seconds.
How long can you withstand dragon breath again?
Do you want to continue? (Y)es, (N)o, (M)aybe
Incredible... it's even worse than i thought it would be.
It seems that your mouse pointer is trying to move, (C)ancel or (A)llow?
Mommy, there's a monster in front of my screen!
Load it yourself, you slave driver!
You look rather silly staring at this screen...
Call 911 for support... 
****, can't find this silly message file...
Are you sure you can still see the real world as real world?
Warning! your computer will self destruct in 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... <kaboom>
Don't you have better things to do then reading silly messages?
Who wants to live forever? Well... I wouldn't mind giving it a try!
Understanding is a three edged sword... our side, their side and the truth!
You're part of the game now...
There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.
ealth warning: you have been playing for 12 seconds...
Keep clicking until i say stop!
Two beer or not two beer...
If you have a slow pc, you are able to learn every silly message by heart...
Failed to load quests, I will now try to create some on my own...
Starting your mp3s... Argh, i can't listen to this anymore, go get some new songs!
Press y+m+q+enter+space with one hand to continue.
We don't have bugs, we have dragons!
This message is intended not to be funny.
I don't know what you're talking about, there is no game here...
I invented the 'hello world' program!
CPU says you should not start those boring office programs anymore.
What do you think I am doing? Loading the game?
Let's ride some trojan horses... I've found two in the left corner of your harddisc.
Killing some bugs, please wait...
Loading loadingscreen...
Hit any user to continue.
This game never has bugs. It just develops random features!
You just can't trust developers these days - they got even the silly messages bugged!
I don't have a solution, but I admire the problem!
There cannot be a crisis today, my schedule is already full.
I have a fix opinion, don't confuse me with facts!
The best way to create panic is to say: There is no reason to react panically.
If you want to continue roll a dice with excatly 21 numbers.
Did you feed your Mouse? Because i think it's dead!
If a chance to survive is excactly 1:1000000. Than you'll survive to 100%. Tell me if i'm right by finding it out!
I prefer a Sword instead of the well known Weapon Knowledge. In a RPG without Magic.
I believe i can fly. The Resulst can be seen, now.
I always await an Ambush, even when i'm asleep.
I'm not always right! But i'm never wrong!
It's so funny to kill them! It should be forbidden! IT'S FORBIDDEN!!!
Cheat-Mode detected! Installing Virus on Hard, Middle and Soft Disc. Please wait!
Braindetector activated, calibrating, now searching.........still searching......get a good grip of your mobile....still searching.......no brains found.
Did I not see you yesterday at the mall, with a grey jacket? No? O, than it was a rubbish bag after all!
What he want, I do not want ... What I want, he does not want ... What we want, is not allowed!
An Error has appeared while creating an Error Message.
"I hate when friends come over and ask, "Do you have a bathroom?" - "No, we shit outside."
A PC is only as clever as his User.
Access denied, please enter your ID again...
As a Computer, I find your faith in technology... amusing!
Eek! A mouse! Plug it out! Eek! It's full of bytes!
Funny Bugreport #22650: No sound while PC is burning!
Loading is booooring...
Loading MP3 playlist...
Loading silly messages...
Loading Sprite #559486753...Please wait!
Loading will continue after a short message from our Sponsor.
Monday morning Quest: Find my Coffee Mug in the Office!
Out of Money error ... Insert new projekt fundings!
Please turn off your monitor to continue.
Scanning Mail Folder... emty... not even Spam Mail!
Searching for Adult Filter...
Seaching for saved game... not found. Restarting game...
Spiderpig, Spiderpig ...
Stop staring at this message or I will stop loading.
The... no, A..., no, wait, sorry, that one sounded better in my head.
There's something written about a chance but I don´t trust this game...
There is a hole... in your mind.
There is too much CPU usage in zlib.dll!
Unloading silly messages, not silly enough!
Updating funny messages...
Uplink to ISS etablished, downloading weather forecast...
Uploading user fingerprints to NSA computer...
Use the mouse, Luke!
Video ram too small, switching to grid display...
Waiting some time...
We're working on the documentation ...
Warning! CPU temperature reaching critical... Shutting system down...
We apologize for the fault in loading screen. The responsible parties have been sacked.
We'll be right back after this commercial break.
What's that behind you?
What are you doing? Stop that!
When it's done! Got it?
When you are leaving, please close the door behind you.
Would you like to play a game of...World Domination?
Wrong CD Key... this Game will now be locked on this Computer for ever.
Yeah but no but yeah but no but yeah but no.
You are here: X
You are the 1.000.000th visitor! Congratulations! You won a box of tissues - not.
You won´t get this package if you can not ID yourself!
You really have to find a girlfriend whose name doesn´t end with .jpg!
Mysterious Strangers visits: 0
I am a cute computer... really!
Never seen such a big... never mind...
Deleting all Celine Dion MP3s ...
Destroying brain cells... 15 percent... 50 percent... Duuh...
Cannot translate silly message into english.
Be sure to visit the gift shop on your way out.
Checking for 3d buffer ... Wait, not that one!
Activating coffee-machine...
Hehehe! You'll never guess what awaits you here!
Bacon is my favourite vegetable...
Do not include <STDHEADER.H>, use <STDHEADER> instead!
Cannot find Reality.sys… Universe halted.
Good. Out of the door. Line on the left. One cross each. Next. Crucifixion?
Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to load files.
Man, what a mess on your harddisc...
Hidden DOS secret: Add bugs=off to your config.sys!
At some point, we'll have our own options.txt, son. One day...
Attention! This game can change your personality into evil...
I have the power of... of.. What's my line again?
Idea for a messagebox: 'This frame was properly rendered!'
Loading Bluescreen...
Sponsored by the Umbrella Corporation.
Don´t wake me up, I´m working...
It´s you again! Don´t you ever sleep?
No, this is not a silly message
Can I interest anyone in Fruit or Dessert?
our Oma is now Pwned by Studio II!
Detected System: Windows 3.11 - Switching Screen Resolution to 320 x 480 Pixels.
Hey Buddy! Need a cheap WiFi Cable? Only 100$!
Do you like Scary Movies?
My missus says that a spline is the mathmatical backbone of the game.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three rights make a left!
I'm sensing a soul in search of answers...
Only silly coders need to optimize their code!
Uplink to ISS etablished, downloading weather forecast...
Good luck everyone - hope to see you again in the future!
A book can also be, a hat...
West of house, there is a small mailbox here. Exits are east and south.
Don't create multiple postings, use the edit button!
Do not disturb, system is disturbed already!
Don't push me. I'm doing my best, but your machine... tztztz...
... go to spriegel the schmitzel wertzen or something to that effect!
...Boldly going, where no one has ever gone before. At Least not recently.
Help! Your Keyboard is stuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk...
General Failure's fault. Not yours.
Deleting previously saved games...
earching for illegal Software ... just kidding!
Dude, where's my car?
Do you really want to start the game? Really?
Due to lack of system resources, entering slide-show mode...
Cheater detected. Loading bunnies...
Even if you die healthy, your dead.
Real Messages: Debugger doesn't work properly! Do you wish do Debug the Debugger with the Debugger?
Real Messages: Error Do you want to save your stuff or terminate without it? (Y)es ; (N)o.
e're going to be killed! Fascinating.
HOW MAY I SERVE YOU, INFERIOR BEING?
Didn't find a Dice for GETRANDOMNUMBER(). Please insert one into your CD Player.
Always doing the same is boring! Let's find out how a burning PC looks like!
The World is a plate and is carried by a Turtle on which stands three elephants. Everything else is wrong.
You don't have facebook??? Now, when you're officialy dead-> Dead people can't play! Stop loading...
Does a falling tree makes no Sound if there is nobody to here it fall?
Do you wish do spent all your money to the Project Owner? (Y)es ; No (disabled).
It should be fair. God go away with your human feelings. It's of course unfair.
"Ha finally i've got the last word."......"Nearly the last."
The part where you all shut up happens now.
My motto is that there are far too many women in the world to waste time with men.
You think i'm not funny? I can be not funny...
The bigger they are, the harder they fall!
Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers.
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.
We have computers, and we may have other weapons of mass destruction.
That's what's cool about working with computers.  They don't argue, they remember everything, and they don't drink all your beer.
If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside.
I've noticed lately that the paranoid fear of computers becoming intelligent and taking over the world has almost entirely disappeared from the common culture.  Near as I can tell, this coincides with the release of MS-DOS.
The question of whether computers can think is like the question of whether submarines can swim.
It's ridiculous to live 100 years and only be able to remember 30 million bytes.  You know, less than a compact disc.  The human condition is really becoming more obsolete every minute.
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves.
The Internet?  Is that thing still around?
Any fool can use a computer.  Many do.
There are only two industries that refer to their customers as ‘users'.
Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots.  So far the Universe is winning.
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they really hate is lousy programmers.
Don't worry if it doesn't work right.  If everything did, you'd be out of a job.
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.
Writing code has a place in the human hierarchy worth somewhere above grave robbing and beneath managing.
First learn computer science and all the theory.  Next develop a programming style.  Then forget all that and just hack.
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.
Should array indices start at 0 or 1?  My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration.
There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses.
I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn't show up in a Unix directory listing.
There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs.
Fifty years of programming language research, and we end up with C++?
In C++ it's harder to shoot yourself in the foot, but when you do, you blow off your whole leg.
One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that–lacking zero–they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.
Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like.  But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN'T be like.
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution.
Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else.
The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 10% of the development time.  The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time.
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
I don't care if it works on your machine!  We are not shipping your machine!
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
You can either have software quality or you can have pointer arithmetic, but you cannot have both at the same time.
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live.
Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than any application will ever need.
Keyboard not found. Press < F1 > to RESUME.
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
bug, n: An elusive creature living in a program that makes it incorrect. The activity of ""debugging"", or removing bugs from a program, ends when people get tired of doing it, not when the bugs are removed.
Don't get suckered in by the comments— they can be terribly misleading. Debug only code
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
Once you're done writing the code, never open it again unless you want to see how uncomprehensible and utterly ridiculous it really is.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is by accident. That's where we come in; we're computer professionals. We cause accidents.
Sometimes I believe compiler ignores all my comments
<!-- Here be dragons  -->
You don't need luck. You need enough firepower.
This Game isn't about peace so "make war"
I have always wished for my computer to be as easy to use as my telephone; my wish has come true because I can no longer figure out how to use my telephone.
The gap between theory and practice is not as wide in theory as it is in practice.
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place.  Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are–by definition–not smart enough to debug it.
If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0
Rules of Optimization: Rule(1) : Don() 't do it.    Rule 2 (for experts only): Don't do it yet.
Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined.
Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind.
I just saw my life flash before my eyes and all I could see was a close tag…
Java: write once, debug everywhere.
All methodologies are based on fear.
Real programmers don't document. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
There are two kind of sysadmins: Paranoids and Losers.
We all know Linux is great... it does infinite loops in 5 seconds.
Comments lie. Code doesn't.
Exceed Funny Message File. Creating some new one's.
The Code is the Comment or believe in god.
This message was created by slavery and kids.
Error 404 no game found. Do your homework instead.
It isn't over until it's over!
We need to train tanks to talk. So we can get another Advance Wars game.
I invented a new word! Plagiarism!
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
Kanbei needs bases!!!
Andy: What's an airport?
Wait I can't refill myself? An APC
Damn those submerged submarines are blocking our way. A fighter pilot
Advance Wars is dead early 2021. Now we have a living zombie-tank.
Advance Wars 1 shoot that APC. SHOOOOT IT. Why? I said shoot it. It can create infinite supply. Only evil things can do that.
One day Flak will get indirect bombers and this day is near.
No more funny Messages found. Delete your Harddisk instead
